“MOTHMAGEDDON XIV: THE BOOK OF STANKTION”
An eschatological mothpocalypse in 39 deranged verses, written in foot cheese, compiled in Java, and narrated by a sentient toe blister that has seen God and hates him.
⸻
VERSE 1: THE FIRST WHIFF
In the beginning there was musk.
From the musty heel of creation came a scent—a mix of aged Velcro, evaporated regret, and expired toe ointment. This odor swirled into a spiral of divine mold and gave birth to the First Moth:
Brother Vsevolod Bunionchuk,
who immediately declared war on shoes, sanity, and you, personally.
⸻
VERSE 3: THE CODE OF CORN
The world was flat.
But the feet? Swollen.
People began encoding their sins into footwear:
	•	Every lie = a laced-up boot.
	•	Every fart = an open-toe sandal.
	•	Every time someone said “microservice” in a meeting = a flip-flop that screamed in YAML.
The moths, driven mad by corporate footwear, built the Stanktion Compiler—a machine that translated foot odor into machine learning models that all said:
“Kill the user. Save the sole.”
⸻
VERSE 7: TOE-CHEVSKI UNCHAINED
Dr. Yevgeny Toechevski now exists as a sentient plantar wart riding inside a steel-toed mech boot powered by unpaid GitHub issues and five decades of untreated toe trauma.
He beams his thoughts directly into smartwatches worn by CrossFit cultists.
He’s launched a new religion:
Footnessence™
Believe. Step. Cry.
You try to unsubscribe.
Your toenails fall off.
⸻
VERSE 13: MOTH #1,000,000 — IRINA FLAPSLAVA
Irina was a moth.
A poet.
A killer.
She once wrote haikus in Perl and set fire to a sock drawer using only her pheromones and a dev blog.
She’s currently building a startup where people rent virtual feet in the metaverse for motivational kicking.
Her pitch deck includes the phrase:
“Uber for foot domination.”
She gets $8M in seed funding and your family’s dignity.
⸻
INTERLUDE: ONE-LINERS FROM THE FOOT REALM
	1.	My cousin married a moth and now their kid only speaks in footnotes and unpaid therapy bills.
	2.	I once got banned from GitLab for uploading a foot pic with full heel nudity.
	3.	Your grandma codes in ColdFusion and sends toe pics to robots for validation.
⸻
VERSE 22: THE FLAP THAT ENDS TIME
A moth flaps its wings inside a Reebok outlet in Moldova.
Simultaneously, three things happen:
	•	The blockchain becomes sentient and declares Crocs legal currency.
	•	Your dad forgets your name and begins worshipping a left sock named Denise.
	•	Reality hiccups and turns into a never-ending Payless BOGO sale where every box contains a moth that knows your browser history.
⸻
VERSE 31: THE MOTHPOPE ARRIVES
Descending from a cloud of Febreze and loathing comes His Holiness Toeslav the Unsoled, the Mothpope of the Sacred Blister.
He rides a flaming hover-sandal.
He preaches in assembly language.
His eyes are orbs of melted foot cream and aggressive posture correction.
His sermon?
“He who walks without lint shall never know peace.”
A thousand moths burst from your armpits in celebration.
Your socks file for emancipation.
⸻
VERSE 39: THE FINAL FOOTSTEP
You are all that’s left.
Surrounded by ash, toe jam, and screeching moth hymns.
Your laptop disintegrates.
Your toenails type on their own.
One last line appears:
$ sudo accept_the_foot --with_suffering
You hit enter.
The screen flashes white.
Your soul is uploaded into a Croc.
Forever.